* The server is stricter about the format of moves entered.  Moves should
be in Standard Algebraic Notation or long algebraic notation.  In particular,
moves are now case-sensitive, so that a move like bxb3 (pawn capture) is
unambiguous with Bxb3 (bishop capture).  Users of graphical clients (that
is, the vast majority of users) should not notice this change.
Rationale: Standard algebraic notation is, well, standard, but the current
case-insensitivity violates the standard.  This change will make the
server more compatible with programs that produce SAN.

* Time odds are supported again (it appears they were removed from the
old FICS, but I could not find a posted explanation of why).
Rationale: new feature.

* Vars intentionally not implemented: availinfo, availmin, availmax, rated,
pgn (games are always mailed as pgn), tolerance, ropen.
Rationale: I hope they have few enough users that they can be marked
obsolete and not implemented.

* The error messages given when logging in (for names that are
too short, too long, or contain disallowed characters) have been
reworded.
Rationale: consiceness and consistency of messages.

* The "(shouted to N players)" given by the shout command includes the
user doing the shout (assuming that user has shouts enabled).
Rationale: To me, it is logical to count the shouter if he or she sees
the shout.

* If an alias contains invalid syntax (such as a bare $), the server will
print an error message rather than trying to execute the command anyway.
Rationale: Avoid hiding user errors.

* The following are now aliases rather than commands: "open", "bell", "flip",
"simopen", "style", "promote".
Rationale: for interface consistency, encourage always using the "set"
command to change vars.

* When attempting to send a tell to a name that does not exist or user who
is not online, the error message is "No user named HANDLE is logged in",
rather than "HANDLE is not logged in".
Rationale: This is is an attempt to clarify that the name may or may not be
a registered handle.

* The "teams" list has been removed.
Rationale: It's obsolete.

* Unregistered users can no longer have notification lists, nor can they be
added to notification lists.
Rationale: I didn't think such a feature would be useful enough to warrant
the extra complexity that would be required to implement it.

* The behavior of empty finger note lines is different. For example,
if you have only note 1 set, and you set note 5, notes 2-4 will
automatically be filled with blank lines.  Subsequently deleting
note 5 will clear notes 2-4 again.
Rationale: intended to be more intuitive.

* The "inchannel" command, when invoked on an emtpy channel, prints
"There are 0 players in channel N", rather than "Channel N is empty".
Rationale: easier for the server to generate and easier for a bot to
parse.

* If you prefix a command with "$$" to avoid updating your idle time,
aliases are now used.  To avoid using aliases (the old behavior
of "$$"), use "$$$".
Rationale: allow executing a command with aliases,
without updating idle time.

* If you enter a move (such as "e2e4") while you aren't playing a game,
you'll now receive the generic "Command not found" message, rather than
"You are not playing or examining a game".
Rationale: more informative to the user.

* If you use the "." command to tell the last told player, and that player
has logged off, you now get the error message "PLAYER is no longer online",
rather than "I don't know who to tell that to".
Rationale: more informative.

* Newlines are now sent after carriage returns ('\r\n'), rather than
vice versa ('\n\r').
Rationale: Dating back to the original teletype machines, the order is
conventionally '\r\n'.


===

Admin differences:
* The following commands now require an exact login and do not accept
abbreviations of player names:  "asetadminlevel", "asetpasswd", "nuke".
Rationale: These commands should be used with great care.

on second thought, I changed my mind about these:
===
* Gods can now set their own adminlevel. Not sure if it's useful, but it
follows the principle of "gods can do anything".

* It's no longer possible go give a guest a title (athough it is still
possible to set a guest's adminlevel).

=== 
Internal differences:

* Rather using than a global array of all challenges, the server
stores each player's lists of challenges sent and received separately.

* Noplay and censor lists are stored as python sets, which allows tests
for set membership in O(1) average time.

